My website has three key features: an aggregated list of all the resources, a search filter where you can narrow down resources by various pre-determined tags, and a search bar in which you can type in and directly link to the desired resource’s website.

__Part 1: The Aggregated List__
This page of the website can be accessed directly via the “Resources” tab on the top right-hand-corner navigation bar, via a link on the homepage, or by directly typing /resources at the end of the url. This page contains a table with all of the resources in the database ‘resources’ in the table ‘resources.’ The first column, titled “Name,” shows the name of the organization and its abbreviation (if applicable). If you click on the name, it will bring you directly to the corresponding website for that resource. The second column, titled “phone,” lists the phone number for the resource. For resources that do not have a phone number, this entry is “None.” The third and final column, titled “email,” shows the general contact email address for the resource. If you click on the email, it will prompt you to send an email from your own email account to that email address. The exact outcome will depend on your computer and operating system. On Macs, for example, clicking on the email opens the “Mail” application and creates a new blank email with the corresponding resource’s email address already in the subject line. For resources without an email address, the entry is listed as “None.”

__Part 2: The Search Filter__
This is the most important, and in my opinion the most helpful, feature of my website. The search filter can be accessed directly via the “Search” tab on the top right-hand-corner navigation bar, via a link on the homepage, or by directly typing /search at the end of the url.

The /search page displays a form box with various different checkboxes. Each one has a corresponding “tag,” like “Mental Health” or “Advising.” All of the resources in the database are associated with at least one tag based on the types of services they offer. For example, “CONTACT” is classified by five different tags: “students” because it is run by students; “counseling” because that is the service they offer; “pcounseling” because it is specifically a peer counseling organization; “blgtq” because they focus on counseling for BLGTQ students; and “sexhealth” because they have expertise and training in sexual health and education. The user can check as many boxes as they would like based on what type of resource they are looking for and the characteristics they want it to have.

The tags are classified into four different “buckets”: “Run by,” “Type of Resource,” “Target Group,” and “Focus areas(s).” “Run by” refers to who runs the organization, either students, faculty, both, or some other entity. “Type of Resource” is the general category the organization falls into. “Target group” is the focus demographic of the resource, if any. And what is likely the most helpful set of filters, “Focus area(s),” includes tags related to the subject matter of the organization. All of the tags, regardless of which “bucket” they’re in or the order in which they’re listed, have equal weight, and they all correspond to the same form. They are divided into buckets to make it easier for the user to find and select the attributes they want.

As noted in the text instructions above the filter box, “You can select as many or as few as you’d like; no need to select from every category.” If the user selects no filters and submits the form, however, the website will redirect back to the ‘/search’ page, now with an error banner above the form, prompting the user to enter at least one filter.

When the user submits the form successfully, the website will redirect to the /results page. This page will display three key things. First, it will tell the user at the top of the page a different message depending on how successful the query was. This message will show the percent match of the search. Next, it will display a table with the relevant matching result(s). If there is more than one result, they are displayed in alphabetical order. The format of the table is identical to the table on the ‘/resource’ page (with a hyperlinked name, a phone number, and a hyperlinked email address). Lastly, at the bottom of the page, there is a button to submit another filter search and a note telling the user to email me if they believe there is an error or omission.

__Part 3: The Search Bar__
The search bar can be accessed on the homepage at the bottom. This is intended for people who already know the name of the resource they want. They can type the name into the search bar, and it will query the database for all potential matches and display the top three (based on alphabetical order). If and when the user sees the one they were looking for, they can click on the result and link directly to the website.